Update hello_world_workflow.md (#25)
movestore/movestore.github.io: create_workflow.md

Within MoveApps, existing Apps can be combined into a Workflow, allowing you to define an ordered set of steps to access, process and analyse data. These Workflows can then be saved, edited and used for specific use cases. 

> Every Workflow starts with an App that loads data into the system (e.g. from [Movebank](https://www.movebank.org), the user's local system, Dropbox/Google Drive or an output from another MoveApps workflow). The data are then passed on to the next App and analysed by it accordingly. Every App requires data of a defined input type (mostly R move2_locations, but others are available and the numbers are growing) and can pass on output of a defined type. See [Translator Apps](translator.md) for instructions on how to connect Apps with different output and input types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every Workflow starts with an App that loads data into the system (e.g. from [Movebank](https://www.movebank.org), the user's local system, Dropbox/Google Drive or an output from another MoveApps workflow). The data are then passed on to the next App and analysed by it accordingly. Every App requires data of a defined input type (mostly `move2::move2_loc`, but others are available and the numbers are growing) and can pass on output of a defined type. See [Translator Apps](translator.md) for instructions on how to connect Apps with different output and input types.
```

> Some Apps provide an interactive User Interface (R-Shiny). Some Apps produce output products or artifacts, which can be downloaded as files, in formats such as .pdf or .csv. App output data can also be downloaded as an object of the defined App output type in R format `app-output.rds` or Python format `app-output.pickle`. Any App artifacts or outputs are also available via our [API](API.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some Apps provide an interactive User Interface (R-Shiny). Many Apps produce output products or artifacts, which can be downloaded as files, in formats such as .pdf, .csv, .png, .html among others. App output data can also be downloaded as an object of the defined App output type in R format `app-output.rds` or Python format `app-output.pickle`. Any App artifacts or outputs are also available via our [API](API.md).
```

![](files/WF_example_MigMapper_2023.png)

## Create a new Workflow

> From the main menu, select `Workflows` and then `Create New Workflow`. After providing a name for the Workflow (also consider adding a Workflow Category), you will be asked to `Select A Data Source`. Now choose to retrieve location or non-location data from Movebank or another MoveApps workflow (`Workflow Product Retriever`), or location data (!) from your local system or your personal cloud storage on Google Drive or Dropbox. For the latter option the data have to be provided as an R object of class 'move2::move2_loc' saved in `.rds` format or as `.csv` containing information about timestamp, x, y and track ID, preferrably in Movebank format ([see Details](https://github.com/movestore/Upload-File-from-Local/blob/master/README.md)). All Data Sources require that you specify parameters and settings. After providing these, the Workflow area with the initial App appears . Note that additional Data Sources can be downloaded by adding e.g. another Movebank Location App (see below for instructions on adding Apps). All data sets will be combined, thus allowing the joined analysis of data from e.g. different Movebank studies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the main menu, select `Workflows` and then `Create New Workflow`. After providing a name for the Workflow (also consider adding a Workflow Category), you will be asked to `Select A Data Source`. Now choose to retrieve location or non-location data from Movebank or another MoveApps workflow (`Workflow Product Retriever`), or location data (!) from your local system or your personal cloud storage on Google Drive or Dropbox. For the latter option the data have to be provided as an R object of class 'move2::move2' saved in `.rds` format or as `.csv` containing information about timestamp, x, y coordinates and track ID, preferably in a Movebank format ([see Details](https://github.com/movestore/Upload-File-from-Local/blob/master/README.md)). All Data Sources require that you specify parameters and settings. After providing these, the Workflow area with the initial App appears . Note that additional Data Sources can be downloaded by adding e.g. another Movebank Location App (see below for instructions on adding Apps). All data sets will be combined, thus allowing the joined analysis of data from e.g. different Movebank studies.
```

![](files/DataSource_view_Mar2024.png)

![](files/Workflow_movebankLoc.png ':size=60%')

#### Non-location Apps

Note that recently, we have added the option to download non-location data from Movebank. These are e.g. accelerometer, accessory measurement, heart rate or geolocation raw data. In the Movebank Non-Location App, beware of the option to select only studies that contain non-location data. Furthermore, it is only allowed to download one type of non-location data at a time. Look out for Apps that work with those data types in the App Browser; they should have the Input/Output type "move2::move2_nonloc".

![](files/NonLoc_App_view.png)

![](files/NonLoc_Download_selectStudy.png)

![](files/NonLoc_Download_selectSensor.png)

## Add Apps to a Workflow

> By clicking on the `+` to the right of an App container, you can browse, search and select the next App to add to your Workflow for filtering, analysis or visualisation of the downloaded data. You can only insert Apps within the Workflow if they are compatible with the required input and output (IO) types. The list of Apps to choose from will only include those that comply with the required IO types for the specific position in your Workflow. In the list of available Apps, you can see the classes, categories, keywords and IO types of each App and can read additional information by clicking on the row or App name. The list can be searched by keywords, filtered by class and/or category or ordered by App name. Find out more about how to use the full spectrum of available Apps by using [Translator Apps](translator.md) to transform IO types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By clicking on the `+` to the right of an App container, you can browse, search and select the next App to add to your Workflow for filtering, analysis or visualisation of the downloaded data. You can only insert Apps within the Workflow if they are compatible with the required input and output (IO) types. The list of Apps to choose from will only include those that comply with the required IO types for the specific position in your Workflow. In the [App Browser](https://www.moveapps.org/apps/browser) all available Apps are listed, here you can see the classes, categories, keywords and IO types of each App and can read additional information by clicking on the row or App name. The list can be searched by keywords, filtered by class and/or category or ordered by App name. Find out more about how to use the full spectrum of available Apps by using [Translator Apps](translator.md) to transform IO types enabling to connect Apps with different IO types.
```
